well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again so tonight we're gonna talk about
asteroids and Australia and Mexico and
what those three things can teach us you
know every time there's one of those
movies an asteroid movie that even have
to be an asteroid something where there
is a object headed towards Earth and
it's going to alter the landscape of the
planet forever it's pretty much always
the same plotline really there's minor
variations but it's pretty much always
the same you know there's the discovery
and then there's that moment of
disbelief and shock and trying to figure
it out then you've got that guy with the
one bad plan that everybody listens to
and you've got the group of impossibly
diverse misfits working behind the
scenes to actually solve the problem
eventually the guy with the bad plan
well that fails but not before making
things you know exponentially worse and
then the misfits end up solving the
problem and the idea is that when
confronted with a global threat will
band together will all work together and
we will solve that problem when I watch
those movies I have to admit that
somewhere deep inside man I can't wait
for that asteroid to see all those
divisions just melt away
but sometimes we don't see the asteroid
coming you know in Australia right now
we get to watch this same idea play out
on a smaller scale they're having fires
and we can't even compare them to
California wildfires
there are even crazier than those there
they're so big they're developing their
own weather patterns they're causing
phenomena I've never even heard of and I
know what a fire cloud was before this
flames from these fires are hitting 230
feet it's hard for a lot of people to
visualize distance like that picture a
10 story wall of flame and then double
it because that's how big it is huge I
mean it apocalypse ik and this is why
they need help and they're gonna need
help even once the fires are out to
recover from it
and they're getting it you got
firefighters coming in from all over the
world to lend a hand
that impossibly diverse group of misfits
it's widely believed that these fires
are the result of climate change
see that's our asteroid movie the
real-life asteroid movie and right now
we're all in that phase where we're
listening the guy with the bad plan
who's funded by the oil industry or the
coal industry we all know that it's real
we have to you have to understand that
pumping this stuff out and these
quantities is bad you would not sit in
the garage with all the windows and
doors closed with your car running it's
a bad idea it's not that much of a
stretch to understand that the garage is
the planet with the atmosphere sealing
everything in and your car is your car
that this isn't good it's not good we
know it's real but see we like to
pretend especially here in the developed
world that these things won't they won't
impact us because we've never seen
anything like that for the most part but
then he looked Australia that is the
developed world you see what they're
dealing with and you can see it and
natural disasters all the time and
there's this shock when people begin to
understand how fragile society really is
it doesn't take much to send it off
kilter
so we deny it we act like it's not real
act like it's not going to affect us or
that we'll be okay that's another one
that we hear about a lot well I'll be
fine I got a water source and can grow
my own food sure can but you know in
Mexico when that bad guys kid got
arrested or technicals in the street
firefights that's what would happen
those with power in a situation like
that
they're coming for that water source
buddy
and right now you're saying Oh see I'm
you know my neighbors they'll use that
water source too they'll help me out I
love that band together with your
neighbors all about community organizing
I think it's a great idea and it's good
that impossibly diverse group of misfits
the question is why do we have to wait
for it to get so bad to do that why
can't we start banding together now you
really want to wait until you're having
to pull guard duty to protect water
seems a little silly not when there are
alternatives not when the technology
exists to solve it now before it gets
bad we don't actually have to follow the
script we can stop listening to the guy
with a bad plan at any moment listen to
the misfits
we're at that point or we've got to make
the decision we've got to decide are we
gonna ride it out
do we seem to get gas masks for
everybody does everybody have canned
food on hand are we going back to the
Cold War attitude just got to get ready
for it because we know the government is
going to mess it up or we'd start
demanding that something happens on mass
we can start banding together now to
stop the problem rather than react to it
we see it coming
just like everything last week in those
videos we know it's coming and if we sit
down and think about it we see the
dominoes fall we know how it's gonna
play out I don't know why we feel the
desire to wait just to see how bad it
will get if he made so many of those
movies that we actually want to live one
out anyway I will I put my faith in the
misfits anyway it's just a thought y'all
have a good night